	Hello Every body. Before we begin, let me introduce my self briefly. My name is Akram and I am the UI developer.

	I would like to talk to you today about	a Candidate who topped in Civil Services exam on his fourth attempt.
	Every year More than 11 Lakh students appear for the UPSC Exam. 

The  minimum age of The candidate must be 21 years and must not have exceed the age of 32 years (for the General category candidate) on 1 August
of the year of examination.

Any Degree is the minimum qualification for All candidates who appear for the xam. 
The number of times a candidate can appear for the exam varies as per the reservation categories.

General category candidates  have– 6 attempts
OBC category candidates have– 9 attempts
SC/ST candidates Have – unlimited attempts till 37 years of age.

Generally the number of vacancies varies every year. 
The number of candidates that pass the preliminary examination is generally 11 or 12 times the number of vacancies, 
and the number of candidates selected for the final interview is twice the number of vacancies.

This year, 829 candidates have been selected for the various services, 
including 66 who have been recommended (for the time being).

Pradeep Singh, a 29-year old Indian Revenue Service officer from Haryana,
 has topped the Civil Services Examination, 2019, on his fourth attempt. 
followed by Jatin Kishore and Pratibha Verma, according to the results
declared by the Union Public Services Commission (UPSC) on Tuesday.

The results are on the basis of the written examination held in September 2019 
and the interviews for a personality test held between February and August 2020.
				
					"Pradeep Singh tops Civil Services exam on fourth attempt."


“It was unexpected,” said Mr. Singh, adding that while he had hoped to crack the examination, 
he had never expected to top it. 
A B.Tech (Computer Science) from Sonipat’s Deenbandhu Chhotu Ram University of Science and Technology, 
he worked as an Inspector in the Income Tax department briefly while taking the UPSC exams. 
Having been placed at the 260th rank in his previous attempt, he then took leave to prepare for the examination last year.

His father Sukhbir Singh, a farmer and former sarpanch of Tewari village, is his “pillar of strength” and biggest motivation, says the topper. 


During the times when he felt like quitting since it was difficult to prepare for the examinations while working in a job,  it was his father 
who encouraged him not to give up. He initially took coaching, but due to job constraints he had now been preparing on his own with help from friends.

Looking ahead, Mr. Singh said he hoped to “work for the poor” and contribute towards the “development of the nation”.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
The 10% quota for Economically Weaker Sections (EWS) was implemented for the first time this year, with 78 candidates selected 
under that category. 
Apart from 304 successful candidates in the general category, 
there were 251 from Other Backward Classes, 
129 from Scheduled Castes and
67 from Scheduled Tribes.

The successful candidates will join the 
Indian Administrative Service, 
Indian Foreign Service, 
Indian Police Service and 
Central Services Group A and B, in accordance with their merit list. 
There are a total of 927 vacancies reported by the government in these services, says a UPSC statement.

https://www.thehindu.com/news/national/pradeep-singh-tops-civil-services-examination/article32266451.ece