Our nature is filled with lots of colors.
Breathing, food, water, etc. we get from nature itself.
Everything we see around us is a part of nature. Life on earth is 
possible only due to nature.
The way we are cutting trees, we are wasting water, we are playing with nature.
If the balance of nature is disturbed then our balance will also deteriorate.
The rules made by humans can be broken but never rules of nature.
To control nature, we have to live according to it.
We get everything from nature. Nothing further than nature.
A small flower also blooms in the lap of nature.
Trees, plants, animals, greenery all around teach us to live in nature, 
that is why they should be respected and respected by nature.

Everything we see around us is nature itself. By nature, 
we get all that is necessary for human life. Such as air for breathing (oxygen), 
water for drinking and foodstuffs to fill the stomach. But man is exploiting nature 
for his more desire and is depriving the earth of its beauty. 
Time has been warning us that if we do not take concrete steps on this subject, 
then the day is not far when life on this earth will not be possible.

Nature is an important part of human life. The relation between man and nature is 
friendly and integral and inseparable. We worship nature by considering nature as a religion, that is, God.

A person can feel happy and happy only in the shadow of nature. 
Nature has also been a favorite subject for poets, writers, and painters 
since ancient times. Nature has given us
valuable gifts. Water, air, land, trees, forest, mountains, river, sun, 
moon, sky, sea is all the things of nature.

We should enjoy its beauty without disturbing the balance of nature. It 
should be our endeavor to keep its appearance beautiful and prevent its 
destruction. So that we can enjoy it easily.

God is the creator of this beautiful nature of ours. 
We must maintain balance without tampering with its original form. 
It should be enjoyed by acknowledging divine power and invisibility.

If nature gives us so much, then it is also our duty that we know its
importance and respect it and do not waste it for our selfishness. 
So that the children of man can also enjoy 
its beauty and take advantage of it, otherwise one day there will be 
a day when people will be able to see and feel the beauty of this nature on the computer itself.

As long as there is balance in this nature, there is a balance in our life as well. 
While the balance of this nature will deteriorate, the balance of our life will also begin to waver. 
This earth which we find so beautiful is due to this nature, otherwise, there is nothing but a deserted planet.